DOCAPI-7442: system.parts new columns (#6449)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system_tables.md

Contains information about parts of [MergeTree](table_engines/mergetree.md) tables.

Each row describes one data part.

Columns:

> - `partition` (`String`) – The partition name. To learn what a partition is, see the description of the [ALTER](../query_language/alter.md#query_language_queries_alter) query.

Reviewer: As far as I remember in other system table column lists data types are not wrapped in backticks. I'd make this as a separate bulk change if that's desired.

Author: Ок. I'll do the separated task for this.

    Formats:

    - `YYYYMM` for automatic partitioning by month.
    - `any_string` when partitioning manually.

- `name` (`String`) – Name of the data part.

- `active` (`UInt8`) – Flag that indicates whether the part is active. If a part is active, it is used in a table; otherwise, it will be deleted. Inactive data parts remain after merging.

> - `marks` (`UInt64`) – The number of marks. To get the approximate number of rows in a data part, multiply `marks` by the index granularity (usually 8192).

Reviewer: this hint won't work well with adaptive index granularity enabled

- `marks_bytes` (`UInt64`) – The size of the file with marks.

- `modification_time` (`DateTime`) – The modification time of the directory with the data part. This usually corresponds to the time of data part creation.|

- `remove_time` (`DateTime`) – The time when the data part became inactive.

- `refcount` (`UInt32`) – The number of places where the data part is used. A value greater than 2 indicates that the data part is used in queries or merges.

- `min_date` (`Date`) – The minimum value of the date key in the data part.

- `max_date` (`Date`) – The maximum value of the date key in the data part.

- `min_time` (`DateTime`) – The minimum value of the date and time key in the data part.

- `max_time`(`DateTime`) – The maximum value of the date and time key in the data part.

- `partition_id` (`String`) – Id of the partition.

- `min_block_number` (`UInt64`) – The minimum number of data parts that make up the current part after merging.

- `max_block_number` (`UInt64`) – The maximum number of data parts that make up the current part after merging.

> - `level` (`UInt32`) – Depth of the merge tree. If a merge was not performed, `level=0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `level` (`UInt32`) – Depth of the merge tree. Zero means that current part was created by insert rather than by merging other parts.
```

> - `data_version` (`UInt64`) – Block number that is used to determine which mutations should be applied to the data part (the mutations with the bigger version than `data_version`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data_version` (`UInt64`) – Number that is used to determine which mutations should be applied to the data part (the mutations with the higher version than `data_version`).
```

- `event_date` (Date) — Event date.
- `event_time` (DateTime) — Event time.

> - `query_start_time` (DateTime) — Start time of query processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `query_start_time` (DateTime) — Start time of query execution.
```

> - `query_duration_ms` (UInt64) — Duration of query processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `query_duration_ms` (UInt64) — Duration of query execution.
```
